Packages

Hotels

Collections

© Holidify Travels Pvt Ltd.- All Right Reserved

Known For : Lake Naukuchiatal Boating, Naukuchiatal Bhimtal Lake

Naukuchiatal, a small picturesque lake village is a destination for those who seek quietude and tranquillity beneath the shade of pure nature. It is mainly known for its nine cornered lake which measures up to 1 km in length and 40 m deep.

Best Time: April to June, September to November

10 Naukuchiatal Attractions

Known For : New Tehri Dhanaulti Camping

Kanatal is a charming offbeat hill station boasting of majestic hills, fruit trees, apple orchards and lush green forests. This quaint hamlet is sprinkled with a plethora of wildflowers and is ideal for people seeking peace and quiet nature walks.

Best Time: Throughout the year

10 Kanatal Attractions

Peora is a hidden gem nestled between the Kumaon Hills near Nainital. It is a small scenic village dotted by pine forests and offers a stunning view of the Himalayas. Explore the old world charm of Peora by walking in the apple orchards.

Khirsu is a sleepy and peaceful hill village, located at a distance of 15 km from Pauri Garhwal, wrapped with lush greenery and orchards. The majestic temple of Ghandiyal Devi, located in its vicinity, adds to the attraction of the place.

Compare quotes from upto 3 travel agents for free

Mussoorie(2N) → Corbett National Park(1N) → Nainital(2N)

Mussoorie(2N) →  Dehradun(1N)

Haridwar(2N) → Mussoorie(2N) → Dhanaulti(1N) → Rishikesh(1N)

Nainital(2N) → Haridwar(1N) → Mussoorie(2N)

Nainital(3N) →  Corbett National Park(1N)

Mussoorie(2N) →  Corbett National Park(2N) →  Ranikhet(1N) →  Nainital(2N)

Known For : Birthi falls Maheshwari Kund Panchachuli Peak

Often referred to as "Little Kashmir", Munsiyari is a cosy hamlet located in the Pithoragarh District of Uttarakhand. It is known for its panoramic view of the snow-capped Himalayan Range and some adventurous trekking trails.

Best Time: April to June, October to November

16 Munsiyari Attractions

Known For : Berinag Patal Bhubaneswar Temple Haat Kalika Temple

Patal Bhuvaneshwar is a magical place with several hidden and unexplored aspects to it. It is tagged as a spiritual place renowned for its Shiva Temple cave. Lying amidst the dense cover of oaks and cedars, Patal Bhuvaneshwar has a lot of myths attached to it.

Best Time: October to June

4 Patal Attractions

Known For : Patal Bhubaneshwari Nakuleshwar Temple Arjuneshwar Shiva Temple

The bowl-shaped town of Chaukori is nestled within the Himalayas at the height of over 2010 meters above sea level. Life here is something you take as it comes to you - with a cup of tea every morning, watching snowcapped peaks and unadulterated natural bounty.

Best Time: October to March

6 Chaukori Attractions

Located just 15 kilometres away from Nainital, Pangot is a small and picturesque hamlet. It is well known for its rich and exotic birdlife like Rufous-bellied Woodpecker, Spotted & Slaty-backed Forktail, Himalayan Griffon and Khalij pheasant.

A beautiful, quaint and sleepy village sandwiched between Garhwal and Kumaon, Gwaldam is full of forests and small lakes providing a setting for a peaceful retreat. Trekking in the apple orchids which stretch to infinity is a must and one of the most refreshing experiences of Gwaldam.

Lohaghat is a beautiful hill station located in the Champawat district. This ancient town is an important place for temples, specially dedicated to Lord Shiva. The serene climate, pine and oak trees and verdant greenery are what beckons people to Lohaghat.

Tucked away in the eastern corner of Uttarakhand, Didihat is a wondrous and pristine hillock full of natural beauty. The place is known for its ruins of forts and temples as well for being a halting point on the Kailash Mansarovar Yatra.

Known For : Shyamkhet Tea Gardens Ramgarh

Bhowali is a little hill station that lies in the vicinity of several popular hill stations like Nainital, Bhimtal, Naukuchiatal, Ramgarh, Sattal and Mukteshwar . Located at an elevation of 1706m above sea level, Bhowali is a town of panoramic vistas and a bounty of nature.

Best Time: February to Apr, September to October

8 Bhowali Attractions

Known For : Dharali Mukhwas Village Sattal

Harsil, still lesser known to tourists, is a perfect getaway for those in quest of peace and solitude. Nestled amid the Himalayas and dense cover of pine and deodar with River Bhagirathi gurgling across the area, Harsil is adorned with apple orchards. It is also known for its numerous trekking trails.

Best Time: April to October

5 Harsil Attractions

Known For : Mahamrityunjaya Temple Jageshwar Mahadev Temple Archaeological Museum, Jageshwar

Jageshwar is a small town in Uttarakhand famous as a temple city. The biggest temple out of 124 temples here is the Jageshwar Mahadev Temple. Mostly built in the 9th century, the temples are exceptionally well preserved here.

Best Time: April to June, September to November

4 Jageshwar Attractions

A small and sleepy village, Jalna is a place for some trekking and exploration into the wild. It's a scenic village, a few kilometres from Almora, with a nice atmosphere for relaxation.

Nestled in the glorious Kumaon Himalayas, Dunagiri is a small hill town away from the popular tourist circuit of Uttarakhand providing travellers with some solitary space. It is said that many famous Rishimunis made this place their abode of attaining divine knowledge and distributing it to the world.

Known For : Orchards Nathuakhan Mukteshwar

Tucked away in the lap of the Himalayas in the Nainital district, Ramgarh boasts of unexplored natural beauty and old-world charm. Blessed with impeccable views of snow-covered mountain peaks, Ramgarh is also called the "Fruit Bowl of Kumaon" because of the verdant orchards of apples, plums, peaches, and apricots.

Best Time: October to May

9 Ramgarh Attractions

Known For : Tungnath Temple Chandrashila Deoria Tal

Tungnath is an ancient holy town more than 1000 years old and is popular among pilgrims and devotees. It comprises of Alaknanda and Mandakini river valleys or 'Lord of Peaks' as they are referred to. Tungnath Temple dedicated to Lord Shiva situated here is one of the highest temples in the world and also highest among the Panch Kedar temples.

Best Time: April to November

5 Tungnath Attractions

At a distance of 12 kms from Nainital, Khurpa Taal is a pristine lake situated at an elevation of 5500 feet. Laced with tall trees, the lake is considered ideal for fishing owing to its crystal clear waters and abundance of freshwater fish. Unexploited by tourists, the lake is a secret haven replete with bounteous nature.

The amorous view of Himalayas, from Nanda Devi to 5 snow-capped peaks of Panchachuli, unwrap the famous town of Kasar Devi. The place is famous for its home temple, the Kasar Devi Temple. The nearby area is home to pine and deodar trees, offering a panoramic view of the Himalayas along with an eye-pleasing view of Hawabagh Valley. A single road runs up high with 200 houses on each side. Best Time to Visit : November - December

Known For : Pancheshwar Lohaghat Mayawati Ashram

A quaint old town, Abbott Mount is located in the Kali Kumaon region of Champawat district, Uttarakhand. Here, one can witness the charm of a bygone British colonial era through a marvelous church and 13 isolated cottages across the hill.  Established during the early 20th century by a British businessman - John Harold Abbott, Abbott Mount is a place that remains more or less unchanged.

Best Time: Throughout the year

4 Abbott Mt Attractions

Known as the Gateway to Naini Lake, Jeolikot is a pristine hill station brimming with life, colors and butterflies. Located on the Nainital-Haldwani highway, It is famous for its butterfly population along with its floriculture. In midst of formidable neighbours such as Nainital, Mukhteshwar and Jim Corbett National Park, Jeolikot remains untouched by all the tourist rush that gather around it.

A small Himalayan hill town, Gangolihat is particularly famous for hosting the Shakti Peethas of Goddess Kali. It is a very small town which is located near important tourist spots such as Patal Bhuveneshwar, Binsar and Abott Mount. The place is also famous for many other temples that are scattered all over this small town. Perched at an altitude of 1800 meters above ground in the scenic Himalayan vista, it is a place of true worship and natural wonders.

So the next time you plan a trip in the summer season, give one of these offbeat places in Uttarakhand a try. We guarantee that it would be affordable, more peaceful and quite enjoyable too all at once!! Let us know down in the comments below which of these destinations have you been to.

This post was published by Harshitha

Share this post on social media Facebook Twitter

Backpacking

137 More Peaks Opened For Trekking in Himalayas: Good or Bad?

Social

Uttarakhand Government Wants You To Have A Spooky Experience In Your Next Trip - The Ghost Tourism Project!

Art & Culture

Kumaoni Holi 2025 - The Colourful Festival of Uttarakhand

Adventure

Kailash Mansarovar Yatra

Art & Culture

Culture of Uttarakhand - Traditions, Festivals and More

Art & Culture

Panch Kedar - Trek And Yatra

Transport

5 Airports in Uttarakhand

Religious

Panch Prayag -  The Five Sacred Rivers

Art & Culture

Traditional Dresses of Uttarakhand

Fairs & Festivals

21 Festivals of Uttarakhand - India's Devbhoomi

Art & Culture

Languages of Uttarakhand - 6 Languages From The Devbhoomi Of India

Adventure

Enthralling Places For Camping in Uttarakhand

Travelogue

The Faraway Travel – Sari Village in Uttarakhand #TWC

Travelogue

Trek in Uttarakhand: How I survived the cloudburst

Travelogue

5 Life Lessons Learnt on a Himalayan Trek #TWC

Travelogue

My First Encounter with the Majestic Himalayas #TWC

Travelogue

Trekking in Uttarakhand To Shikar Varnavat #TWC



Food of Uttarakhand : Scrumptious Delicacies From The Land of Natural Beauty

Social

Are You Ready To Watch The Most Awaited Man vs Wild Episode Yet?

Adventure

The Mystery of the Skeletal Remains at Roopkund Lake

Adventure

Experience Nature At It's Best At This Mid-Himalayan Range in Uttarakhand!

Experiences

Visit Gangolihat For A Blend of Adventure and Pilgrim Sites!

Fairs & Festivals

Uttarakhand Food Festival To Be Held This Week – What Are Your plans?

Travelogue

The Journey To And Through The Hidden Valleys Of Uttarakhand

Social

Junoon in the Hills, a Homestay Just 300 Kms from Delhi!

News

Uttarakhand Is Set to Get a Summer Capital!

News

4 Very Rare Snow Leopards Sighted in Uttarakhand! Read More Here



Delving into the forbidden – the Nelang Valley

Wildlife & Nature

National Parks in Uttarakhand

Hill Stations

Hill Stations in Uttarakhand Perfect to Beat the Summer Heat

Uttarakhand Honeymoon Packages

Uttarakhand Family Packages

Uttarakhand Char Dham Yatra Package

Uttarakhand Tour Packages for 6 Nights 7 Days

Best Resorts in Uttarakhand

Best 5-Star Hotels In Uttarakhand

Stunning Workations in Uttarakhand

Explore Holidify

Currency

Travel Agent?

Buy Travel Leads

(100% phone and email verified leads for holiday package)

Need help with tour packages?

022-48934191

[email protected]

Mon-Fri: 10AM - 7PM (IST) Saturday: 10AM - 2PM (IST)

Follow us



© Holidify Travels Pvt Ltd.- All Right Reserved

Compare package quotes from top travel agents





Compare upto 3 quotes for free

*Final prices will be shared by our partner agents based on your requirements.

Forget Password?

Whatsapp

Messenger

Copy Link

Email

Facebook

Twitter

