Wanderers of all nature often find refuge in the sylvan hills of Uttarakhand , even the creative minds don’t forget to visit here once in a while to sharpen their skills as creativity floats here. So what are your reasons for not visiting Uttarakhand? If you haven’t been here or want to explore the best tourist destinations of the Himalayan state, then quickly check out the 10 best tourist places in Uttarakhand that everybody must visit.

Nicknamed as Auli Bugyal meaning ‘meadow’, Auli is one of the best skiing destinations in India. Boasting excellent ski slopes that offer adrenaline-pumping skiing expeditions, Auli has earned repute by hosting several skiing festivals in Uttarakhand. This snow studded hill station is located at a distance of 500 km from Delhi and offers awe-inspiring views of the majestic Himalayan peaks like Nanda Devi, Mana Parvat and Dunagiri .

A small region of endless meadows and evergreen forests, Chopta a trekker’s abbey is a part of Kedarnath Wildlife Sanctuary . Located about 368 km from Delhi, Chopta offers a rewarding trek to Tungnath , the highest Shiva Temple in the world. A brisk 3.5 km trail from Chopta leads to Tungnath temple, one can also trek further to reach the Chandrashila summit.

What’s better than spending some leisure time by the lakeside in the City of Lakes Nainital . Noting can beat the feeling of sipping coconut juice and having that perfect summer feel while boating at the sultry Naini Lake and enjoying the Himalayan birds chirping from the overreaching branches of the tree. You can go for sightseeing to places like Snow View Point , Tip n Top or have a lake tour to Bhimtal , Sattal , and Nakuchiatal .

Your highness Mussoorie is the ‘Queen of the Hills’ and often revered as one of the best tourist destinations in Uttarakhand. Here one can enjoy boating on Lake Mist , camp at Nag Tibba, stroll at Landour Bazaar or visit the George Everest’s House. If you are an adventure enthusiast then you can indulge in several adventure activities offered at the Snow Adventure Zone in Mussoorie.

Often hailed as a backpacker’s paradise, the tinsel town of Chakrata in Dehradun district is a truly a Himalayan gem. With plush surroundings beckoned by the dwindling confiners, Chakrata makes a perfect place for camping amidst the ethereal natural beauty. Here one can explore the Budher Caves , enjoy stargazing at night, trek towards the mumbling Tiger Falls or indulge in bird watching at Deoband.

This picturesque town nestled in Pithoragarh district has a lot to offer to its patrons. Tucked away at an impressive altitude, Munsiyari offers a multitude of opportunities for having heart-throbbing adventure activities like trekking, rafting, camping and bird watching. The town is snuggled on the banks of Gori Ganga River and reveals a soul-stirring panorama of the snow-clad Himalayas.

A hub for tourists visiting from all seven continents, Rishikesh is one such place that never fails to quench the wanderlust. One can savor everything here from spirituality, yoga retreats, temple hopping, adventure activities to nightlife. Some of the must-visit places include Lakshman Jhula , Neelkanth Mahadev Temple , Beetles Ashram, Gita Bhawan and Shivpuri for rafting.

Luring everybody by its luster duster, Harsil is a minion hamlet cocooned on the pristine banks of Bhagirathi River. A perfect place for the writers, solitude seekers, and loners to dwell peacefully, Harsil has emerged as one of the lesser-known places to visit in Uttarakhand. Projecting immense peace and tranquility, Harsil is located at a distance of 460 km from Delhi.

A perfect hideout for the newlyweds, Kausani is a popular tourist destination in Uttarakhand. This sylvan hill station is one of the best places to avoid the maddening crowd of the cities. A window to the Nanda Devi, Panchachuli and Trishul peaks, Kausani makes a perfect retreat. Some of the places to explore from here are Anashakti Ashram , Rudradhari Waterfall , Lakshmi Ashram and Kausani Tea Estate.

Known for its scenic landscape and colonial buildings, Almora taking its seat on a horse shaped ridge is one of the touristy places in Uttarakhand. Visitors of all kinds find comfort in this hill town as one easily get accommodation in luxury as well as budget friendly hotels of Almora. Having salubrious weather throughout the year, Almora attracts many visitors to throng here. The city boasts several tourist spots like Bright End Corner, Nanda Devi Temple , Katarmal , Gobind Ballabh Pant Museum and much more.

If you own/manage or know any other Best Tourist Places in Uttarakhand , which is not listed above then, Kindly share the details at helpdesk@eutn.in

If you find any inappropriate Uttarakhand Tourist Places you must visit listing do mail us in the same email id, so that we can update/remove it to provide the best information to our visitors. Thank You!

Contact us for planning your Uttarakhand tour with best travel packages of as per your requirements!

