Welcome to the new Incredible India Digital Portal! While we are continuously updating and improving the site, we would love to hear your suggestions for features or content you'd like to see. Please share your feedback at info.mot@gov.in .

Hi, User name

My profile

Logout

Check the spelling of the entered words, try different keywords or try mored general keywords

State

https://www.incredibleindia.org/content/incredible-india-v2/en.html

(Click to select and copy)

North

North East

East

Central

West

South

There were no results for your above query.

There were no results for your above query.

Hi, User name

My profile

Logout

Red Fort , which served as the residence of Mughal emperors for almost 200 years, is said to have been originally white!

Qutub Minar is a towering minaret that was built in the 12 th century and is the tallest brick minaret in the world!

The Beating Retreat Ceremony at the Attari-Wagah border is a unique ceremony that features a synchronised parade by Indian and Pakistani soldiers.

Amritsar holds a significant place as a hub for Sikh martial arts, a tradition known as Gatka .

Leh is one of the highest permanently inhabited places on the planet.

Leh was once a vital stop on the ancient Silk Road, connecting India to Central Asia and China .

Dal Lake takes center stage, famous for its houseboats and Shikara rides.

Shankaracharya Hill is named for a sage who reached enlightenment here in 750 AD.

Manali is the gateway to the Rohtang Pass , one of the highest motorable roads in the world.

Hidimba Devi Temple is dedicated to Hidimba Devi, the wife of Bhima, one of the Pandavas from the Indian epic 'Mahabharata' .

Chandigarh, a union territory with its own administration, serves as the capital for two Indian states - Punjab and Haryana !

The Capitol Complex , a UNESCO World Heritage site, is the epicentre of Chandigarh's administrative and political activities.

Gurgram is home to more than 250 Fortune 500 companies .

Gurugram has a link with Indian epic 'Mahabharata'. It is believed to be the village of guru Dronacharya and was called guru-gramam (guru's village).

Inspired by the architecture of Jag Mandir Palace , Shahjahan built the Taj Mahal, the world famous monument in Agra.

The Kumbhalgarh Fort near Udaipur boasts the world's second-longest wall, spanning 36km.

Haridwar is home to the world-famous Kumbh Mela .

Haridwar is known for its Ayurvedic medicine and wellness centres.

The ancient Hindu epic Ramcharitmanas was written at Tulsi Manas Mandir by the revered poet-saint, Goswami Tulsidas ji .

The historic Ashokan pillar originally erected in Sarnath was also the source of inspiration for the national emblem of India.

The twin hills of Khandagiri and Udaigiri are famous for their rock-cut caves, constructed by Jain monks during the 1st and 2nd century BC.

It is an important global wetland habitat and has been declared an International Bird Conservation Area .

Chidiya Tapu is filled with 46 varieties of endangered species of birds, and white spotted deer.

Barren Island is the only confirmed active volcano in South Asia.

Darjeeling's ‘Toy Train’ is the first and only steam-powered rack-and-pinion railway in India and one of the oldest mountain railways in the world.

Over 80 operational tea gardens in Darjeeling produce the renowned Darjeeling Tea , also known as the "Champagne of tea."

Patna was the capital of the ancient Magadha kingdom and one of the most important cities of ancient India.

Lord Buddha is said to have delivered his first sermon after attaining enlightenment in Mahabodhi Temple .

The Basilica of Bom Jesus is a UNESCO World Heritage Site.

A UNESCO World Heritage Site , Old Goa is home to several historic churches and cathedrals with Portuguese influence.

Mumbai’s rich history makes it home to three UNESCO World Heritage Sites , including Elephanta Caves, the Victorian and Art Deco Ensemble, and Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj Terminus.

Mumbai is the centre of the Indian film industry, often referred to as Bollywood , producing more films per year than Hollywood.

Over 5000-year-old, Gangeshwar Mahadev Temple is believed to be built by Pandavas during their exile.

St. Thomas Church served as a prison for Indian freedom fighters while Britain was in power.

The Dwarkadhish Temple was built over 2,500 years ago by Lord Krishna's grandson, Vajranabh.

Bhadkeshwar Mahadev Temple is sometimes swallowed by the Arabian Sea that gently rises and envelopes the temple entirely.

Indore has held the title of India's cleanest city for six consecutive years, from 2017 to 2022.

The gates of Lalbagh Palace in Indore are replicas of those found at Buckingham Palace in London. Cast in England, they were then transported to Indore.

Urja Park in Raipur is a unique destination designed to educate visitors on the generation and use of various forms of renewable energy sources!

In Vivekananda Sarovar , a 37-foot-high statue of Swami Vivekananda stands in the middle of the lake. The Limca Book of Records recognises it as the ‘Largest Model for a Statue’.

The Tropic of Cancer passes through Ranchi at 23.4 degrees north, making it one of the few cities in the world to be situated precisely on a major latitude.

Ranchi is often called the "City of Waterfalls" because of the numerous waterfalls nearby, including the Hundru, Jonha, and Dassam Falls.

Golconda Fort was once home to the most precious, Koh-i-Noor diamond.

Ramoji Film City is the largest film studio in the world.

The musical pillars of the Vitthala Temple Complex are known to sing with the harmonies of 81 different musical instruments.

Hampi Bazar was a street market that served as a 'mall' for the Vijayanagar empire.

Kavaratti is home to the Laccadive Sea swallow , also known as the swiftlet or edible-nest swiftlet .

Kavaratti serves as the administrative capital of the Union Territory of Lakshadweep and holds the distinction of being the smallest island capital in India.

Sri Venkateswara Swamy Vaari Temple is one of the most revered Hindu shrine.

An average of more than 2.8 lakh Tirupati laddus are prepared in a day for parsadam.

Ramanathaswamy Temple boasts the longest corridor in the world, stretching over 1,200 meters.

Rameshwaram is home to the world's second-largest and India's first-ever sea bridge, the Pamban Bridge .

The French Quarter in Puducherry is known for its well-preserved colonial architecture.

Auroville , a utopian community near Puducherry is known for its unique experimental lifestyle, and spiritual atmosphere.

The Cochin International Airport is the first in the world to operate solely on solar energy.

Kochi Biennale is India's largest contemporary art exhibition, held every two years in the city.

Kamakhya Temple is shaped like a beehive, a symbol of fertility and abundance.

The Navagraha temple in Guwahati is believed to be located on the site of the ancient city of Pragjyotishpur.

A unique architectural marvel, the Umshiang Double-Decker Root Bridge is made of the hanging roots of live rubber trees.

Cherrapunjee also boasts stunning limestone caves and its Mawsmai Cave, stretches 820 feet into the earth.

Baba Harbajan Singh Memorial commemorates its namesake, a Captain who once served in the Indian Army helps his regiment by coming in dreams of the soldiers even after his death.

Do-drul Chorten is marked by a golden dome, which is visible from various vantage points in Gangtok.

The Kachari Ruins are mysterious mushroom-domed pillars built by the Dimasa Kachari Kingdoms before the Ahom invasion in the 13th century.

Polo is believed to have originated in Imphal centuries ago, where it was known as "sagol kangjei."

Imphal played a crucial role in World War II , serving as a key supply route for Allied forces in Burma.

Ujjayanta Palace built by Maharaja Radha Kishore Manikya is now the state legislative assembly and houses a museum that showcases the history and culture of Tripura.

The Neermahal is one of the only two water palaces in India.

Standing as the highest waterfall in Mizoram and the 13th highest in India, Vantawng Waterfalls captivates visitors with its magnificence.

Serchhip is often referred to as the "Citrus Capital of Mizoram" due to the abundance of citrus orchards in the region.

Mechuka is often referred to as the 'Last Shangri-La' of India due to its remote location and pristine natural beauty.

Mechuka is home to the indigenous Memba tribe , whose roots can be traced back to Tibet.

Andaman and Nicobar Islands | Adventure

Adventure sports in and around Sri Vijaya Puiram: Thrills amidst nature's beauty

Andhra Pradesh | Adventure

The 8 best adventure sports in and around Visakhapatnam

Arunachal Pradesh | Nature

Likabali to Mechuka - A journey through Arunachal Pradesh’s hidden gems

Guwahati | Spiritual

8 Hours in Guwahati – The pictures capture the candidness of this impromptu trip

Bihar | Spiritual

A spiritual travel guide to Gaya

Chandigarh | Shopping

Chandigarh’s shopping extravaganza: unleashing the charms of retail therapy

Chhattisgarh | Gastronomy

Exploring the culinary delights of Raipur

Dadra and Nagar Haveli and Daman and Diu | Adventure

Embark on thrilling adventures in Daman

Delhi | Spiritual

Iftar at Jama Masjid, Delhi

Goa | Heritage

Discovering Goa differently

Gujarat | Crafts

Crafts of Kutch - Rogan art, ajrakh & more (Gujarat , India)

Haryana | Adventure

Thrilling escapades in and around Gurgaon

Himachal Pradesh | Spiritual

Bharmour – the land of Lord Shiva

Jammu and Kashmir | Nature

Purple farms of the saffron flowers - Kashmir story

Jharkhand | Heritage

A tribal village tour in Jharkhand

Karnataka | Nature

A summer weekend in the placid coast of karnataka

Kerala | Nature

Munnar travel blog – Tourist places, best time to visit, hotels and more

Ladakh | Nature

The orchard of charm in Nubra Valley

Lakshadweep | Nature

Lakshadweep Travel Guide

Madhya Pradesh | Heritage

A day in Bhopal: Places to visit

Maharashtra | Adventure

Seven Sisters Hill: The best trek near Nagpur!

Manipur | Heritage

Imphal – Travel and food guide

Meghalaya | Nature

The monoliths and old tales of sacrifices from Nartiang

Mizoram | Gastronomy

Taste the essence of Aizawl: The rich flavours of north-eastern cuisine

Nagaland | Adventure

Dzukou Valley Nagaland- Guide to hidden valley

Odisha | Heritage

The unexplored Ashokan Rock Edicts, Odisha

Puducherry | Heritage

Exploring Puducherry

Punjab | Heritage

Discovering Amritsar differently

Rajasthan | Heritage

7 Best Jaipur viewpoints – where to go for Jaipur sunset views

Sikkim | Nature

Postcards from Sikkim - Where nature smiles!

Tamil Nadu | Heritage

Places to see in central Tamil Nadu

Telangana | Gastronomy

The best local foods in Hyderabad and where to find them

Tripura | Heritage

Exploring heritage and religious gems of Agartala

Uttar Pradesh | Spiritual

Let us walk in Varanasi for 7 riveting stories

Uttarakhand | Nature

Top 3 unmissable waterfalls in Rishikesh

West Bengal | Nature

Darjeeling - The queen of eastern Himalayas

Rajasthan | Heritage

Palace on Wheels: Tracing regal lifestyle on the rail tracks

The ancient capital of the Dards

Jammu and Kashmir

The enchanting Himalayan haven

Uttarakhand

The home of majestic misty mountains!

Mizoram

Kashmir of Kerala

Kerala

A gateway to nature's abode

Madhya Pradesh

Andhra Pradesh

Durgi Stone Carvings

Assam

Muga Silk

Bihar

Applique – Khatwa Patch Work of Bihar

Punjab

Phulkari

Chhattisgarh

Bastar Dhokra

Gujarat

Patan Patola

Jammu and Kashmir

Walnut Wood Carving

Karnataka

Channapatna Toys & Dolls

Kerala

Aranmula Kannadi

Madhya Pradesh

Bagh Prints of Madhya Pradesh

Maharashtra

Warli Painting

Mizoram

Paunchei

Rajasthan

Kathputlis

Telangana

Silver Filigree of Karimnagar

Uttar Pradesh

Zardozi Embroidery

Uttarakhand

Aipan

West Bengal

Santipore Saree

Sign up for Incredible India Calling! - the official newsletter of Incredible India

All information provided will be handled in accordance with our Privacy Notice



Apologies for the inconvenience, please try again!

Sign up for exciting news, learn more about our events and get great travel ideas.

© Ministry of Tourism, Government of India.

Login to your account

Signup

Login

Forgot your password?

Please enter the email address you’d like your password reset
                information sent to

Reset your password

Set the new password for your account so you can login and
                access all the features



Registration successful

Thank you for signing up



Password changed!

Your password has been changed successfully



Password reset initiated

You will receive an email to reset your password. Please
                    check your inbox.



Your email is not verified

Please verify the email sent to your id.

Click on the link in the verification email to complete
                    signup. if you don't see it, you may need to check your spam
                    folder.

Still can't find the email?

Need help? Contact us



Email verification link expired

Looks like your verification link has expired. Don't worry,
                    we can send the link again.

You can re-enter your email here if the one you entered was incorrect.



Your email is not verified.

You're almost there! We sent an email to

Click on the link in the verification email to complete
                    signup. If you don't see it, you may need to check your spam
                    folder.

Still can't find the email?

Need help? Contact us

Check your inbox!

We've sent you a confirmation email. To start using your
                    account just verify your email address and you'll be good to
                    go.



Email Verification

Your email was verified. You can continue using the
                    application.

This website uses cookies that help the website function and to help us understand how to interact with it. We use these cookies to provide you with improved and customized user-experience. If you continue to the use of the website, we assume that you are okay with it. Read more

